I'll be committee staff. That was my question. It might be
quite big. Have you ever heard of employees who saw staff
members of congressional committees being communist?
I believe that out here it works for a congressional committee
back in the 1930s in the middle of the 19th-30s.
That is correct. That's an eye committee investigating the
munitions industry and there have been so many. Now I can name
state-of-the-ding several of them. Well, you do know that they happen
to drive a certain fact there was some connected with
Senators who had never tried to limit it. I just want to
you know that there is a procedure for checking the
loyalty and security of all the executive employees.
I know that there is a procedure for it so I know that that procedure is not always
followed. Have the commerce ever adopted a loyalty program for
zone employees or the employees of its committee? I don't know the details of that
so I know that on our committee we have the FBI to make a
check and see whether there is the regulatory information on anyone we're about to
employ. I know that members of our staff get a fight for
the sense department clearance if their work might require that.
You might want to check that for the question and I will.
We will perhaps include that and the other information you're going to give me.
Sure. Thank you. Have you ever received any information
that you have been on the staff from confidential informants?
Yes. While I was with the department just as more like an
understaffer of this committee I have received much valuable information from
people we might call confidential informants. Yes sir.
Has some confidential informants have they given you information?
Given information to other staff members in addition to you?
No I'm sure they have.
Are you sure they have? Yes sir.
I'm sure they have. Do some investigators, secretary and file
for some access to the committee file? I don't know the details of that
time. They might. Now let's get to this hypothetical
secret document. Stop secret document again.
Wouldn't that be put in the committee file that the chairman received?
No way, sir. That's a hypothetical.
Yes, in other words I ask you what you would do with the top secret document.
I imagine if the work given to Senator McCarthy is
very good to not be put in the committee file.
I imagine Senator McCarthy is very careful about
protecting the identity of people who are in front of you with information
and I think he takes certain steps to see that I know in some cases I don't know who
gives them information. I have an answer and I don't want to know.
Has everybody on the staff? Yes.
Mr. Chairman I think that's kind of the
principle for the senator not to take my time.
I'm trying to understand some of the
talking comments. Give me just a minute. Can I have a
ruling on that? I'm not going to take out of your time too many of the types of
comments. During a hundred times in the Charles
Examination Mr. Cohn, I suggest that the transcript
of the meeting of which time Mr. Cohn was confirmed he made
the evidence. I find now Mr. Chairman that there was no transcript
that there were merely notes made by the
stenographer with President. I find that there was no mention
made in the introduction of any
in these notes. For me, all the private law business
these are confidential notes and I want to pass them to you.
If any part of these you think should be part of the
record I personally have no objections
maybe some questions. I think that's fair. I
reason I read about this open a magazine.
And I have never heard of the affiliation with the
private law firm. But that question I ask,
I'm going to say in the infernesty of the third,
there was no mention in the notes. There's another transcript of
the third, there was no mention in the
description. I have no recollection of
any of these. I have no recollection of any of these.
Mr. Cohn, do you believe that anyone can lawfully deny
access to the file or any part of the file to any member of a
congressional committee? Does anyone deny access?
I don't think that's anyone.
Well, it's a day that you believe that the chairman of the committee
or a majority ruling of the committee can deny file
to any member of the committee? I just don't know that
you would have no opinion on that.
Do you believe that you and the members of the committee are
bound by the laws of the United States Congress?
Now let me read you from the Legislative Reorganization Act
of 1946 as amended.
The committee hearings records data, charts, and file.
Shelby kept separate and distinct from the congressional office
records of the member serving as chairman of the committee.
And such records shall be the property of the Congress.
And all members of the committee and the respective houses
shall have access to such records.
Mr. Cohn, that's the law.
My final question is, counsel for this committee.
Do you consider yourself bound by the law?
I consider myself bound by the law.
I'm not only because I'm counsel for the committee.
For all purposes.
At all times.
Yes, sir.
I sign up, Mr. Chairman.
Senator Gore-Tech?
I'm a former, great deal about the important work which you do.
I'm trying to get forward.
I'm a director of the knowing here.
Mr. Cohn, the committee, particularly a legal or an unspatcher
training, or other experience, which will qualify you for effective
anymore legal and no-paper notes, or I would say that legal and
newspaper work are not necessary for your efforts to come in with the spec.
He know a critical deal about the communist movement in this country.
He has studied it, he has written about it, and he was very much interested
in the movement he was willing to give us his time for nothing.
And that was an offer of which we were very happy to remain reasonable.
The main reason he was asked for is because he's gone into these services.
No, so I was going to say that it's not the main reason he was employed.
I would say the main reason he was employed, there is.
Because the happens to have a good deal of knowledge much more than I did,
or any other member of the staff, on a particular investigation which we desire to
recommend to this committee, under state. He has been working on it for a period of
years. He had written on it, he knew a good deal more about it than we did.
He was willing to come and he was willing to work for nothing.
And he worked for two years experience with the enablegim to do a effective job.
Sir, I don't know, it's very much to judge sometimes about the security experience
enabling you to do a job. I've seen a lot of people,
some of the lawshaks were supposed to have great experience who turn out and
they come in and they do a very bad job. I've seen other people who was paper,
I could not look quite as impressive, who come into a very outstanding job.
The charge of state change is concerned sir. I would just as we let the judgment
of those who let them come with the committee be passed upon as a result of the work
which he did for this committee. He did a lot of work for this committee.
I was just wondering what was the problem with me as this,
that it's a plan you and Mr. Shine, for the story is good.
It's the best case of all the American and its operations there.
It's a great deal of unfavorable news, a great deal of publicity.
That's what he thinks, the top of the queue is doing a very efficient job
but on the other hand, they're doing a very nice, many people.
I wonder whether that experience was right or the result of Mr. Shine not letting it in.
He's just working the part.
My answer to that would be no sir and I'm sorry you think Senator Dorscht
because a newspaper, a lot of newspapers in Europe particularly,
might do a smear job that you want to accept that without looking at the facts in the case
to see whether or not we did or it did not do a good job.
As far as that trip was concerned, we were sent over there by the chairman
to do certain specific things and of things certain specific information.
We did that, we did that, it's what we could.
And I think a lot of circumstances, some of which have been asked before,
that's committee before, I think the State Department and certain elements in it
were no happier about our investigation than some other H.P.
What's your word work?
Very effective work for the government.
What's the work that's going on?
I don't think too much appreciation.
I try to fill the job that's best I can.
I don't do anything wrong, I want that call to my attention.
In that case, in every other case, I ascend that I can, I carried out the assignment.
I was sent over there to do.
I wasn't referring to you as much as I was to Mr. Shine,
I was really trying to develop what is a lack of experience
and investigative work was responsible for the un favorable publicity
which you have seen gone up to.
No sir, I was responsible for the un favorable publicity.
It is the fact that there is a great deal of resentment in European nations particularly
that in this country, then in the Joe Matrotti and some other people are addressing themselves
to the job of cleaning out cotton.
And I might say that some of these other countries that same jobs is not being done
perhaps the Chippie down.
Well, we were the most remote that in Britain and France,
and Italy and other countries from the Europe, the ADX,
power agencies, communists, and their government was I'm wondering
whether you received cooperation from our own countries and the Americans
who you encountered in Europe, the European Union.
So I would say particularly talking about high-cog in Germany,
not only did we not receive cooperation,
we were made the objects of a deliberate and a planned smear,
involving newspapers which were subsidized and paid for by our evolving front by high-cog,
which was doing the smear.
Well, what's going on?
I think that the data China received a submission in the summer of 1953
that was possibly controversial with Secretary Stevens and the Army
and just hearing my percent of oil.
I do not think that I don't think that there was any staring at it whatsoever.
And I'm sure nobody else.
You think that some other conflict would have developed between the South of the Mediterranean
and the officials in the Department of the United States.
I hear it. You need to predict about conflict developing.
I know of no conflict developing here.
I was made aware of non-violence deceiving governments throughout.
Well, I'm still a minute.
Well, go ahead.
Our ground notes are, if you want to interrupt me there.
And if I go out way on the pavement, I just made a mistake.
I say there's no conflict.
It was certainly a lack of interoperational and throughout the period,
we have heard that our meetings and charges with the Department of the Army
would sign from the press to our terminate to hearing a big subcommittee
of Fort Monmouth. Now is that true or not?
That is true.
There's a plan might ask you to send it to our checks.
But I said with this, that wildly events were supposedly going on.
Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams did nothing to make us aware of the fact that they thought
there was any conflict or that anyone was doing anything wrong.
There's a little security there to have somebody come in and say that you were
abusing them and psychoccurating them.
If there is such a word and things write back.
And in the next, I have them courting and fighting out the lunch and dinner
and asking you to do things for him and continue a social relationship
over a period of time.
What do you think you were?
Well, if you don't go out and send it, I can say this.
It's a very secure thing to have somebody come in here and say that he was abused by me
because I call them up on the phone too much.
And then when I didn't call them up on the phone for a couple of weeks
to have him call me up at my home in New York and complain very bitterly
because he hadn't heard from me and I hadn't called him up.
I would say, sir, that's the complaint and the charges on the part of Mr.
Stevens and Mr. Adam are not from good faith.
Well, let's eliminate the David Schlauer and the Hodgents
in this car suburbry.
What would the situation be?
The relations between your sub-comedy background and the part of the arms?
The relations with the sir, that Mr. Adam and Mr. Stevens
were doing their best to stop the committee from conducting its investigation
which is not something unique in the annals of history.
Most agencies which are being investigated don't like to be investigated
and they would be much happier if the committee pulled out.
This was not a highly unusual situation to us, sir.
If they were welcome to try, it was our job to see that they did not succeed.
Well, certainly Mr. Tom, you do not believe that the Department of the Army
and the part of our Stevens were unwilling to expose in every possible manner
the process that security risks within the operations of sub-war commas.
Sir, I think that Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adam had the,
but I believe sir, to be the mistaken notion
that the exposure of these things would be a personal reflection on them
and would indicate to the public that they had been racked in the performance of their duty
and then it took this committee to come along and prop them into action
and I think that they were human enough not to want that situation to occur
and they acted as they fit.
I don't think it was a question of covering them wanting communists in the Army.
Of course it wasn't.
It was a question of them not wanting the resultant embarrassment
from the public uncovering of those few communists who infiltrated the Great Army
and of the people who were serving under Mr. Stevens or responsible.
So this small infiltration in this very large Great Army.
So your subcommittee is not so forward with the investigation of the ports of the communists.
Do you believe that the partner of the Army will accelerate its activities there
and do everything possible to move out all of the rest of the age which we like to be there?
Do I believe that sir?
No, I don't believe that sir.
I believe that the many, the many of the committee staffs that there will be
a training to relaxation in efforts on the part of the Army in doing what it should do on these things
and I think the way they've handled the per-f-cate is just about the last straw in indicating
that there's a very strong need for...
There's one thing to say, the phone left, there's a bus meeting, a bus meeting, a bus meeting, a bus.
It's a continuous work-out sports month.
It is sir.
I'll follow.
For the next questions begin while we have the opportunity.
Let's return to our studios and cost the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC television next to you.
First Minister, I'm going to say that I...
...for the extremely happy to see the comparison of your answers and the answers Mr. Seedham, Mr. Adam,
I appreciate it, you've answered all the questions.
Not duct any of them.
I think your performance on the witness fan may be somewhat a key to why the opposition feels they must get rid of you at all costs.
I think your performance here on the witness fan has justified the confidence that I had when we...
...and do so to take this job as Chief Counsel.
I think we appreciate your confidence in me. That means more to me tonight.
Mr. Cohen, I'm more into questions.
I...
...if I had handed to me the daily worker, it was the official daily worker.
The child's on the side of the telegraph agency of the Communist Party, I guess there's no person left.
I'm thinking of the headline for the day of the planters, Wightens, Macarkey, the headquarter.
And then we...
...the boss...
...for the tower at the code of Macarkey's spy and network.
Reading the balance of the boss, boss represents the manual of the tower, Democratic New York.
And it is the resolution today, the origin, they just have to cut them to investigate what he called Macarkey's spy and network in the government.
The smaller it said, the network is full of feeling, sleep, sleep, sleep, and violation of the law.
Now, when I asked you if it was going to move your...
...water-long record,
...and helping to successfully prosecute traitors of this country, I was seeing you fully aware of the mystery of the daily worker, what it is, I am certain.
And for the benefit of our American jury, we did watching this, could you tell us what the daily worker is?
The daily worker is not the leading official publication of the Communist Party of the United States, which in turn, of course, is merely the local office of the worldwide communist and first.
The daily worker, published in New York, has been named by people, including a man who had once been managing editors, as the sort of...
...polograph wire that goes out every day to the Communist Party members throughout the country, giving them their instructions as the communists line is.
How they should talk, how they should think, and what they should say.
It is used to convey those instructions to members of the Communist conspiracy in this country.
I might say that the evidence has shown that the line which the daily worker follows, is in the last and hour to set in Moscow, by the leaders of the worldwide communist conspiracy.
And so there is no question as there are no comments or comments on the front. The daily worker is the medium by which the Communist Mark tells that the oil members throughout the country want to do what the line is.
It is the most important that there are political affairs, which is a monthly theoretical magazine of the Communist Party of the United States in which the theories are set for us in a little bit more high-term language than in the daily worker.
There are certain other communist publications, but I would certainly agree with you that the daily worker is number one.
Once a chairman would like to make probably record the front page of the daily worker which presents up to the congresswoman in the front page which attacks us for having exposed communists.
I would definitely not have been able to talk about this, but if you read that and if you read political affairs, you will find that a substantial portion of every single issue of the daily worker is devoted to attacks on you.
That in political affairs which sets the keys of the top leadership of the Communist Party in its last issue, there is an article in which the Communist Party claimed a good deal of credit for recent attacks upon you and sets as the number one objective for Communists in the United States, the post-sensitization and attacks and attempts to discredit you.
That is full of credit in the daily worker, the political affairs in every single communist publication stay in, stay out, month in, month out, there is no considerable doubt in the world about that.
I am not attacked nearly as frequently as you are.
I think you are running a good close second right now. They come to the party as you know, held a trial in which actually in New York, as I recall, I think they convicted me.
You are infected. I think that your trial will be next by the time the party.
Mr. Cohen, you and your unit of shine went through Europe. I think you are over there to go through the libraries and come back and report to me about Communists' work room, actually on the shelves.
Mr. Dorshan, I expect to meet about that. I think why is it so important?
The man who is in charge of the program with theodore Kagan, is that right?
So there were a number of the time that she gave us. The man who attacked the thing had as that part of high-talk to public affairs office. At the time we were over there, some 4,000 people working under him was the man named Theodore Kagan.
Theodore Kagan is no longer with the information program. That's right.
As far as you know, he is not there. In any event during our investigation, his resignation was accepted.
I wonder if you would, I think this was some bearing upon the question, I'll put it towards you. I wonder if you would briefly outline the background of Mr. Kagan.
We will get a better picture of the type of publicity that we received out of Europe.
Mr. Kagan, who was acting head of the public affairs office in Highcock when we were over there investigating it, comes to me off hand number 1.
Had signed a communist, a written pledge to the communist party of the United States in the form of a communist nominating petition, number 2 that was signed by him during the Hitler-Stolling Act when anyone was announced the reigns, I think, that knew just what the communists were upto.
Number 3, he has been the author of a number of pro-communist plays. Number 4, those plays have been produced by a communist front organization.
I won't mention the name because I am in doubt about one word and it's vital that it's been cited in the official subversive guide.
And there was another number of other incidents indicating that Mr. Kagan has been affiliated with the communist movement.
Mr. Kagan has brought back here for processing. Here at Gold, he admitted that he lived for approximately one year, but the man whom he knew to be a member of the communist party or a pro-communist party.
That is my recollection, sir. And this man who wrote plays for the reproduced by a communist front, the man who was the individual over in Europe,
who was not applying the press, for you would be, from Mr. Shann, to be advising them to, in effect, tell you that there's not that about that in my mind, too.
And actually, with no operation whatsoever, there was a, you know, what to do, but you deserve it, sir.
There's a man, given the job of tailing you and Mr. Shann following you over place you might have.
Yes, sir, I ran into that man at the airport the other night here in Washington.
No, I'm sure he wasn't following me. I think he's got to be. I think he's got to be at the state department now.
Now, during your trip through Europe, did you find that we had subsidized and worked that time subsidizing papers that had editors, publishers who were, or at least had been members of the communist party?
Yes, there's more than that, sir. That is true, but in addition to that, this fund which I've talked about that high-carcass, who subsidized finance, give money to certain German publications, some of the money which came from the American tax payers, was actually used by one of these newspapers to print up official propaganda for the communist party in Germany.
Now, one of the results of your trip through Europe was the resignation of this man, Tagen, who was in charge of some 4,000 people, Tagen who had signed a pledge to support the communist party, Tagen who had admittedly lived with a communist, Tagen who wrote plays or produced by communist funds.
One of the results of your trip was his resignation, he resigned during our investigation.
And his time has expired into wealth.
Mr. Cohn, yes. I was interested in signing a divorce tax, what did you about? What would have happened if Mr. Shine had secured a commission in the summer of 1953?
You read all those questions, Mr. Cohn. Now, of course, in the summer of 1953, you were adding to the two of your commission for Mr. Shine.
I thought he was qualified, sir, as one of the resigns and questions you were asking for to award and weren't you?
So you say, anxious to throw a cure, I want to say this, I thought he was qualified, I recommended him, I was a reference on his application, yes sir.
Well, now, is that your answer, you were right there, for cure one for him?
My answer is, as I have given to you, sir.
It's simple, yes, there wasn't. Yes sir. You were.
Of course, sir. I thought he was in title, I don't think.
Thank you, entitled. You've enlisted some pretty high-powered people to help get one, didn't you?
No, sir, I can't agree with your terminology there, that does not give a fairy.
Well, let's see. Well, sir, let's see, Mr. Cohn.
I can see a question, you say I enlisted, sir. Well, high-powered people to help him get it, what happened with this, sir?
I don't ask you what happened, I ask you if you enlisted, certain high-powered people, did you or did you?
Sir, yes or no, did you or did you?
What was the last question? Mr. Lallag, I want to give you yes or no answer.
So you don't want to? How do you do?
If you want to, I'd like to give you yes or no answer.
All right, let me start again with you.
The first time I met Mr. Cohn, it may I be committed to complete one sentence.
Well, Mr. Cohn, I'm going to try to have this witness be responded to the answers.
And I would like to start again, if I may, could I start again, that the corner would you like to make a speech now?
If you would like to make a speech speech, you know what's there always?
Well, I would say you exist. I would like to give you responsive answers, and I would like to give you as many yes or no answers as I can.
There are times, sir, when I cannot agree with some of the adjectives which you put in your hand,
I would like to difficult for me to give you the answer I would like to.
If you wish to ask me, did I think Shine would qualify for a commission and did I recommend him for one? My answer is yes, sir.
We've already covered that, you said you were anxious to get him on.
I didn't do, I told you what happened, sir.
Yeah, and you said you were anxious to get him on.
Now, do you want to change that or say bye?
Sir, I think my testimony is very clear to the committee. It's just what happened and just what I wanted.
This is only a moment of no life, sir. Yes or no, where you anxious to get him on.
If you said yes, do you want to change it or say bye?
Sir, I want to leave then exactly what I've said concerning the events of Mr. Shine, filing an application for a commission.
Well, you want me to go all over the game and ask you once more in simple English, where you anxious to get shiny commissions.
Sir, I can only tell you what happened. I can't say your word, anxious.
Where you and the only guy that was known, what your own state of mind was, there's no problem.
I don't think it works anymore, but there's no blankness to get him on.
Sir, I thought he was qualified for it and I recommended you as he was like anxious,
that is a difficult question for me to answer. I thought he was qualified for one.
I recommend it. I recommended him that one.
But you can't tell us whether you were interested in the results.
And you were interested in the final.
Sir, and you wanted to get one.
Sir, the largest would take us so long.
The reason it takes so long is to welcome you and I.
You put some adjectives in your question, which is a little bit difficult for me to go along with.
Well, I want to try to give you, yes or no, you'll follow me.
We're all the reasons I'm kind of a star.
Now the first conference that took place in respect to a commission for Shine,
took place in the office of the United States Senator, didn't it?
Yes sir.
That's thirty-high-powered stuff in the defenders.
Is that right?
I can't answer that sir.
And there was President in that office, a general.
Is that right?
General Rieber was there, yes.
That's pretty high-powered stuff isn't it?
Mr. Welch, I...
Well, just the answer, no. Is that high-powered or not?
Mr. Welch, I want to give you, yes or no, answer.
Well, just no, then. Just tell me, is that high-powered or not?
Well, this is calling you.
No, Senator.
I don't know what he means, but high-powered.
I think the chairman, though.
Mr. Coleman, do you mind if I say what Aaron is for everything?
All right, I need to ask for more details about it,
about it's meant by the entities.
Yes sir.
Officer Thorpe, let's strike out high-powered.
You're right again.
If you had a senator there, you had a very important public official there, didn't you?
Yes sir, I'd be senator.
And if you had a general there, you had a very important army of people.
Yes sir.
And if you had Mr. Role and Coleman, there you had a very important council
to an important committee there, didn't you?
Committee is important.
Right.
You think it's a call in any ordinary little guy from my state of Iowa
who's commanding that sort of attention?
I hope so sir.
You think he comes?
Yes sir.
You think any little old guy off a farm in Iowa?
And would like a commission now, could Matt have a conference between the senator and the general and you?
Sir, I don't think with Iowa.
Yes sir.
You think a little boy from the farm can get away with that?
My answer to you Mr. Role is, I think Iowa might exclude me if the person from Iowa were contacted, senator,
taken over, I'm sure that senator Haken-Roper would, what someone is is office, what's called General Reiber,
what someone on his bed and seat, that's the application, wasn't given from attention.
Yes sir.
So whether we haven't got all officers in no private in our army is this is all funny sir.
Could that tell you from Iowa, in this is the part of general Walter Beagle's best suit?
I don't know.
You don't think so?
Yes sir.